He said it was something that this key victory in Rosario was not opened
the game against Newell's an unusual penalty of Cchero came from the
witchita verón and seats of level 0 students on the first date in the
marcelo bielsa but the centenary of local before quilmes but with the pitch
long
piti to choose hc vardar rodrigo lópez valdo pepa lópez has already gone to the middle
the city is over there
pepi who goes for the game
the state bets were born
by the way ocher criminal color
pablos a 0 final ceutí coquimbo of the goal with the shirt of the click for the
forward who came from the san siro stadium
in mendoza you do not study said loss with godoy cross 1 to 0 but seúl free throw
markets high Coptic vigor against the local defender like that of seeing the
from lugo 1
and when the match 48 of the complementary
all info pablo pereyra definition of leandro gonzález
three golden points
for the saleh of local ante racing market although
market
the center san pablo for it can not control slight rise pérez and yes sir
goal
of the first contest for
enzo perez devesa de cafayate
leandro benítez gabriel paletta
the punishment
his russian pair
he said we are so bad that football is away was spiked victory to 0
here students to grill with old boys 1 to 0 in floresta but I was going to
draw from the hostile witch market headbutt
rodrigo braña golazo
it was equality, but in the end it would be if a footballer exhausts you in
the centennial beyoncé
Enzo Perez Frames Red Stern
golazo
navarro the only goal of the match
permanence seems a total of 13 matches in reference for the defender
of the national theater plaza
pending the date four the super classic against gymnastics
braña ahmadineyad center de zurda federico fernández won the
abel masuero position and her fourth goal in 32 penalties the witch veron
to ensure the classic triumph of a management team but part of
- another face to assault the census by the pri santa and the cat there for here
in high definition
Barbacid football to put the goal of the game after the law of the former gat
what approved the cyclone in the 2007 closing was triumph punctures another criminal to
favor well used in this case for the purchase of advantage before Olympus
White Bay
when the first part was closed
at the end yes and now and what factors hernán rodrigo lópez
for students and kept the absolute tape the data that brings to place in
steel and criminal the cat fernandez the same things
cárter surrender to the tournament with the fmi the errors and rasic
tie santa fe colón and plaza 1
received students now the cup enzo pérez by the penitentiary
juan sebastián verón caranta reaches him to divert and gabriel peñalba him
says gastón fernández takes now zero voice 7 in the complementary advantage the
click
at 18 'enzo pérez and the deceased boy eight
that marked his first goal in first division 19 years born in the states
United
the chinese leandro benítez again until parra andrés pérez refused today to
celebrate wen jiabao students in quilmes field
in the monumental victory against tiger lost birth and empty the center
challenger and the goal of leandro benítez the proxy and the sabella team
make tiger time 2 to 1 about students and start it opened on
game before hurricane 8 minutes just open a free trade the rock
holes anton fernandez daily fight and would have embarked from the floor
I pushed her
second so much opening for the former racing
great pass for enzo pérez and he wore calvillo
and ensures another triumph for the sabella team
pretends that the South American is thinking in his country
the rate for fishing pasteur in yellow house by pablo pereyra and the goal
of silver city and it gets up 0
the first 12 games remaining by the former athletic tucumán the manager in
the program would do this
what of each box will keep low opponents attacked shots
the acid
the prick was satan triumph key students
this is news had got a goal as local students who started with
Argentines 1 to 0 however
the center arrived
de marcos red head-to-goal by gastón fernández leandro benítez
quickly execute the free throw sleeps the Argentinian defense salem to saving
maxi núñez and now those of sabella won 2 to 1
leandro benítez the uncle from above marks
immediately following the leader before info of the pincha before the last champion
was approaching the students title
by sofía
after this victory
can carry trump plaza 4 0
another key group for
leandro students unhappy
he scored the first goal
of the prick
matías sanchez
by matías ale
his first goal in the championship
and at what time
until the second time to send messages to river appeared red frames
to pay for things 3 to 0
and touch
facing the future
with the advantage of two points
and the final 4 to 0
up on the scoreboard
people close to the former racing defender
and that
it is worth rereading the autogoles whys
Oropesa to pay every second
has adapted to campestrini Wednesday October 12 before squares recovered
the advantage of two units considering that in which they enlisted
albarracín
2 to 0
but the strawberry was missing the dessert would be made with this exceptional advance the
ro-ro
to ensure the triumph of knowing company students
returns to be champion
of Argentine soccer
it was victory 2 to 0 before arsenal the pinch won
all your matches at home to give free rein to give shape
to a campaign no tablet dui alves came to five local titles this was
the fifth
the first division of Argentine soccer had also won the
opening 2006 the remembered exclusion of one while also granting the
metropolitan 66 thousand 82
and also in the 1900 national